My friend is back. Zhengzi.
Didn’t you say you like my daughter? Can you get some of the funds?
At least you win. A strong bite. You are also a smart person.
I didn't investigate clearly at first. I thought your daughter was some young beauty.
Unexpectedly, the nearby goddess returned the favor.
Buy one get one free, stop being ridiculous.
If I had known earlier, I wouldn't have come back earlier.
Forget it, your daughter will stay with me for three days,
I asked my dad to withdraw the funds.
you. Did this part of mine hurt me with you?
I'm giving you my best.
I heard that you people from the princess department
Already half a teacher
Maybe she is my biological daughter after all
This matter in my family is not something I have to deal with in my life alone.
And that in itself is half way through
Even if I give you a chance, I won’t know these things.
tonight
He also said that he is now a college student.
Then I'll add the sound as soon as possible. I heard it
Dad, I'm sorry to tell you.
It's embarrassing for you to take advantage of his company
Master Zhou will not treat you badly
And I don’t like Mr. Zhou either
You can't understand it when you talk to your sister like this.
Better tell her the truth
Mr. Zhou said
As long as you stay with her for three days
Just give dad and dad what you can
You are part of the industry
Black Spirit Camp, please do your part.